Dijkstra's : “Dijkstra’s algorithm” solves the “single-source shortest path” problem in a weighted directed graph with
non-negative weights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB4MIexjvY0


Bellman Ford Algorithm :



Graph can contains cycles
But tree will never contain cycles

union find : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU6udHRIkcc

Minimum Spanning Tree: In an undirected weighted graph, there is a tree (N nodes, N - 1 edges so no circle) that connects all nodes in the graph, and the sum of path weights are minimum.

Kruskal's Algorithm: The approach to find the Minimum Spanning Tree in the Graph. We sort the edges by weight in non- descending order and loop sorted edges, pick the edge as long as there are no connectivity already set up between two nodes and add this edge weight to the total weight.

Disjoint Set: The data structure used to check the connectivity of graph efficiently in dynamic by union the nodes into one set, and find the number of disconnected sets.

https://leetcode.com/discuss/study-guide/1212004/Binary-Trees-study-guide


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtN3BYH2Zes : Bellman Ford Algorithm


Topological Sort : there is an ordering on the nodes in the graph. Directed graph with cycle is not a topological order.
These are graphs with directed edges and no cycles.All rooted trees have a topological ordering since they do not contain
any cycles.

Djikstra : used for finding out the shortest path in a graph - minimum cost - single source shortest path
         : combination of BFS + PriorityQueue
	 : can only work with graph which contain positive weights
	 : we can do node relaxation only one time - once the node are relaxed we will not check them that's why it doesn't work with negative values. With negative values it can lead to the wrong result.



To resolve Djikstra issues we will use bellman ford algorithm - which uses the concept of dynamic programming.In that we can do node relaxation for all the vertices.

Bellman Ford Algorithm : Whenever we need to reconsider a node even with positive values we can go with Bellman ford.